[doc] Add project migration doc for single api version operator (#2791)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: website/content/en/docs/kubebuilder/migration/project_migration_guide.md

# Overview

This guide walks through the steps required to migrate an operator from an Operator SDK project layout to a Kubebuilder project layout.

The document considers [memcached operator][memcached-operator] as an example to describe the process of migrating an operator built using Operator SDK to a runnable Kubebuilder project.

## Prerequisites
- [git][git_tool].
- [go][go_tool] version 17.03+.
- [kubectl][kubectl_tool] version v1.11.3+.
- [kustomize][kustomize_tool] v3.1.0+.
- Access to a Kubernetes v1.11.3+ cluster. 

**Note**
It is recommended that you have your project upgraded to the latest SDK release version before following the steps of this guide to migrate to Kubebuilder layout.

## Install the Operator SDK CLI

Follow the steps in the [installation guide][install_guide] to learn how to install the Operator SDK CLI tool.

## Create a new project

> Use `operator-sdk init` command to create a new project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `operator-sdk init` command to create a new project.
```

For example, to create a Memcached operator project:

```sh
$ mkdir $HOME/projects/memcached-operator
$ cd $HOME/projects/memcached-operator
$ operator-sdk init --domain example.com --repo github.com/example-inc/memcached-operator
$ cd memcached-operator
```

Make sure to activate the go module support by running `$ export GO111MODULE=on`.

**Note**
If you intend to have multiple groups in your project, then add the line `multigroup: true` in the `PROJECT` file. The `PROJECT` file for the above example would look like:

```
domain: example.com
repo: github.com/example-inc/memcached-operator
multigroup: true
version: 2
...
```

> For multi-group project, the Kind API's files are created under `apis/<group>/<version>` and the controllers would be created under `controllers/<group>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For multi-group project, the API Go type files are created under `apis/<group>/<version>` and the controllers would be created under `controllers/<group>`.
```

## Create an API

> Create a new API and a new kind (CRD) for the operator.

Reviewer: `create api` won't create the CRD just yet but it creates the controller.
```suggestion
Create a new API and its corresponding controller.
```

> In case of memcached operator, a new API named `cache/v1aplha1` (group/version) and a new kind `Memcached` is created using the following command.

Reviewer: group/version and kind altogether define an API. Kind isn't really it's own thing.
```suggestion
In case of memcached operator, a new API for  kind `Memcached` and group/version `cache/v1aplha1` is created using the following command.
```

1. The naming convention of the reconciler struct may differ. For example, in case of memcached operator the reconciler struct in SDK project is mentioned as [`ReconcileMemcached`][sdk_reconcile_struct] whereas in Kubebuilder project it would be `MemcachedReconciler`.

```go
type MemcachedReconciler struct {
	Log    logr.Logger
	Client client.Client
	Scheme *runtime.Scheme
}
```

2. Update the import aliases in the `Reconcile()` function and copy over any remaining helper functions from `pkg/controller/<kind>/<kind>_controller.go` to `api/<version>/<kind>_controller.go`.

Refer to [`memcached_controller.go`][kb_memcached_controller] for the example implementation of `Reconcile()` logic which would be present in `api/v1alpha1/memcached_controller.go` of Memcached operator.

## Generate CRDs

Run [`make manifests`][generate_crd] to generate CRD manifests. They would be generated inside the `config/crd/bases` folder.

## Operator Manifests

### Operator deployment manifests

The operator deployment manifest [`deploy/operator.yaml`][deployment_yaml] from the old project should be copied over to `config/manager/manager.yaml` in the new project.

**Note**: 

> The kustomize file requires the operator deployment manifest to have the field `namespace` which is missing in the current operator.yaml of sdk project.

Reviewer: Nit: capitalize SDK.
```suggestion
The kustomize file requires the operator deployment manifest to have the field `namespace` which is missing in the `deploy/operator.yaml` manifest of SDK project.
```

> **// TODO:** Explain label propagation for metrics collection.

### RBAC permissions

The RBAC manifests present in `config/rbac/` of a Kubebuilder project are generated through the [RBAC markers][rbac_markers] present in `controller/<kind>_controller.go`. They can be added as comments above the `Reconcile()` method.

> In our example of memcached operator, add the following rbac markers in `memcached_controller.go`:

Reviewer: Nit: Capitalize RBAC here and anywhere else.
```suggestion
In our example of memcached operator, add the following RBAC markers in `memcached_controller.go`:
```
